OBSDOCS-1753 COO 1.1 release notes (#90578)
openshift/openshift-docs: observability/cluster_observability_operator/cluster-observability-operator-release-notes.adoc

These release notes track the development of the {coo-full} in {product-title}.

[id="cluster-observability-operator-release-notes-1-1_{context}"]
== {coo-full} 1.1

// Back fill advisory when it is created by KOnflux
// The following advisory is available for {coo-full} 1.1:
//
// * link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2025:????[RHEA-2025:??? {coo-full} 1.1]

[id="cluster-observability-operator-1-1-new-features-enhancements_{context}"]

> === New features and enhancements

Reviewer: Should the dev preview of Perses [Operator] be mentioned? https://issues.redhat.com/browse/COO-265

Author: we aren't allowed talk about dev previews in OCP docs :-(

 
* You can now install the monitoring UI plugin using {coo-short}. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/COO-262[*COO-262*])

* You can enable incident detection in the monitoring UI plugin. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/COO-690[*COO-690*])

* TLS support for the Thanos web endpoint has been added. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/COO-222[*COO-222*])

The following table provides information about which features are available depending on the version of {coo-full} and {product-title}:

[cols="1,1,1,1,1,1", options="header"]
|===
| COO Version   | OCP Versions       | Distributed Tracing   | Logging   | Troubleshooting Panel | Monitoring
| 1.0           | 4.12 - 4.15        | ✔                     | ✔         | ✘                     | ✘
| 1.0           | 4.16+              | ✔                     | ✔         | ✔                     | ✘
| 1.1           | 4.12 - 4.15        | ✔                     | ✔         | ✘                     | ✔

> | 1.1           | 4.16+              | ✔                     | ✔         | ✔                     | ✔

Reviewer 2: Monitoring need 4.16+ including 4.16

Author: I have updated the table to only show 1.1, and updated the matrix versions as follows:

```
[cols="1,1,1,1,1,1,1", options="header"]
|===
| COO Version   | OCP Versions       | Distributed Tracing   | Logging   | Troubleshooting Panel | Monitoring | Incident detection
| 1.1           | 4.12 - 4.13        | ✔                     | ✔         | ✘                     | ✘          | ✘
| 1.1           | 4.14 - 4.15        | ✔                     | ✔         | ✘                     | ✔          | ✘
| 1.1           | 4.16 - 4.17        | ✔                     | ✔         | ✔                     | ✔          | ✘
| 1.1           | 4.18+              | ✔                     | ✔         | ✔                     | ✔          | ✔
|===
```

> |===

Reviewer 2: d in `Incident detection` should be capital
`Incident detection` is under monitoring UIplugin, if the last column is 'Incident detection', Monitoring should be changed to 'ACM Alert'

Author: I think according to CCS style guidelines, they should all be lower case - will fix

[id="cluster-observability-operator-1-1-bug-fixes_{context}"]
=== Bug fixes

> * Previously, the logging UI plugin did not support setting a namespace or a default value. This release resolves the issue. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/COO-332[*COO-332*])

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Previously, the logging UI plugin did not support setting a custom LokiStack name or namespace. This release resolves the issue. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/COO-332[*COO-332*])
```
